clarify when flow control blocks RESET_STREAM_AT (#93)
marten-seemann/draft-seemann-quic-reliable-stream-reset: draft-ietf-quic-reliable-stream-reset.md

RESET_STREAM_AT frame and the FIN bit on a STREAM frame serve the same role:
signaling the amount of data to be delivered.

On the sending side, if the Final Size in a RESET_STREAM_AT frame exceeds the
available flow control credit, the sender needs to defer sending the frame. It
might first need to send data and wait for the receiver to provide additional

> flow control credit. When the first RESET_STREAM_AT frame is sent, the sending

Reviewer: This is technically correct, but I'm not sure if reads well, for two reasons:
* Section 4 already states the same thing normatively.
* The paragraph now goes in the order of: may_defer -> if everything is already acked -> if something needs to be acked, which is not in the order of how things might be delivered.

How about not making a change here, and adding a note in the comment below?

```suggestion
On the sending side, when the first RESET_STREAM_AT frame is sent, the sending
```

part of the stream enters the "Data Sent" state. Once the RESET_STREAM_AT frame
carrying the smallest Reliable Size and all stream data up to that byte offset
have been acknowledged, the sending part of the stream enters the "Data Recvd"
state. The transition from "Data Sent" to "Data Recvd" happens immediately if
the application resets a stream and all bytes up to the specified Reliable Size
have already been sent and acknowledged. Conversely, if bytes below that offset
still need to be sent or acknowledged, the transition might take multiple

> network roundtrips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
network roundtrips.

Note that entering the "Data Sent" state might itself be deferred, because flow
control can prevent the sender from transmitting the RESET_STREAM_AT frame; see
{{TODO_add_ref_to_section_4}}.
```

the application resets a stream and all bytes up to the specified Reliable Size
have already been sent and acknowledged. Conversely, if bytes below that offset
still need to be sent or acknowledged, the transition might take multiple
network roundtrips.

Note that entering the "Data Sent" state might itself be deferred, because flow
control can prevent the sender from transmitting the RESET_STREAM_AT frame; see

> {{reset-stream-at-frame}}.

Reviewer 2: I would strongly advise against implementations allowing a commitment to an offset that flow control does not permit.  That can lead to deadlocks.

Author: WebTransport requires this.

Reviewer 2: Oh yeah, that's unfortunate.  Though I think that generally we wait to send any data on the stream until the flow control is available.
